we welcome you to round two of the
Continental Tire sports car challenge
for 2013 from the circuit of the
americas in austin texas in fact good
luck and green flag is in the air in the
field of 61 cars is loose in Austin look
at Asha back to the outside of the front
row trying to take advantage of our
pole-sitter Jade Buford down into turn
one tricky corner dos it is indeed you
can get it wrong there these gotta
convince I gotta throw a lot more than
on the out and they got to get room for
one another more than down into turn one
it's up into turn 1 130 feet of vertical
elevation change on this track a hundred
of it right there in turn one while
Edwards there's a Degas stop there in
the Stevenson Camaro up to third
Rockland County runs fourth here comes
the st class with their own separate
start Chad mccumby on the front roll on
side Corey Fergus has to run up to turn
one but vilified like you deserve I
remember you can break really light here
particularly from the initial slower
style and you'll get here on a flying
laps it's almost like you don't need to
tap the brakes even never turn one so
that's an adjustment little RG barging
in the middle Calvin a couple cars
making contact everybody through clean
however no just gonna hit him big time
right here this is what we talked about
these wide-open entries it's so inviting
there and someone takes that late turn
in they're just sitting there and rich
Carla now he's very aggressive on the
initial start and just got in way deep
there now with that we go green once
again and Shelby Blackstock who started
his Mustang tent he did not pit he is
now on the lead same story for Brent
Sandberg behind him no pit stop they run
one to a great raced office Shelby
there's new regulations in place for
this year soon as that safety car peels
off the leader can take off Dawson he
did it problem here on Thursday came
blew up another engine so this team very
confused very frustrated because they
don't know what the problem is so
they're very worried that that car might
not make it to see em on track thanks
Chris the 55 goes around coming down
that very fast downhill right-handers go
overland and BMW leads the Grand Sport
class tomm long and his mazda mx5 leads
the streak tuner it's not a battle for
position oakland has a healthy lead at
this point in the game that's a lap come
to the st class battle these guys do
this like this all year they'll never
separate much more than you're looking
at right now town long leading presently
over Jason saini
mars laspas is one two three are really
putting the pressure on Tom long this is
what it's all about we talk about this
racetrack you can run side by side
through here and there learning where
you can do it awesome stuff the race
leader is in Bill auberlen in the turn
of our sports bmw m3 is all lean at
Billy Johnson this is a battle for the
lead Spencer Pumpelly and billy johnson
pitted 11 laps ago they're on the same
fuel strategy what do they do now be try
and save fuel wait for that course no do
you just get the hammer down quite as
big a cushion as you can so you can't
afford a hit pit lane and have a gap
over the rest of the field so a third
full course caution when the less than
forty nine minutes to go right now we
are going back to green and billy
johnson takes off in his bright red
number 61 mustang boss 302 yeah there
was a lap car there the 05 that the
other front runners had to Claire first
that really gave Billy Johnson the
breathing room he needed now he's going
to get the hammer down with this caution
we believe all of these front-running GS
cars are good on fuel Terry board seller
in that 23 BMW who's won more than a
half dozen national championships in
sports cars goes down the inside old
three gets bucked sideways Jason seany
he's the local driver running for CJ
Wilson gets a tap there it looked like
and I think you did yeah Terry borsch
ella was to be champ jimmy's 12 Rolex 24
s here we look at it
when he went to the outside of terry's
he lay all the blame their scene he was
really deep there on the brakes looking
for an outside move there's a battle for
second place in gs right now here we see
Spencer Pumpelly is going around Billy
Johnson up ahead there you can see all 2
currently to Billy on we talked about
the pace that he's had fresh your tires
he's taking it to the front yeah he's
running away with it right now Spencer
my fella did a good job getting around
Billy Johnson as well both those cars
look in good shape i don't know if
there's anybody going everything for a
berlin right now though all the 16 gone
kind of problem Billy Johnson number 96
Turner BMW of Bill auberlen the second
place car chef Spencer Pumpelly right
there in your picture we're going to
carry that right front we have that
corner cool Billy Oakland should be in
good shape here he's got ten more laps
of fuel on board then Spencer Pumpelly
so that shouldn't be an issue for him
Spencer's pushing hard so I have to
think that TC has told him you're OK on
fuel go chase that leader down if you
get the first one wrong the restaurant
look at Maxwell all the way down on the
inside yeah they have so tempting as
wide open there we've talked about it
Dorsey Maxwell try to take a couple of
spots and watch this look all the way to
the left there he is and we know what's
going to happen carbon if you look at
this overland offense familiarity but
that is awesome ears are cut in who try
to get down the inside won't work these
guys have raced each other for decades
is driving as hard as he can out there
he's putting trying to get everything he
can out of that BMW so where you see
these guys fight tooth and nail for this
next six minutes and 35 seconds
we've got to keep it clean but I tell
you what this is an impressive
performance by Spencer Pumpelly because
he got ten more laps on those ties to
the fact that he's got enough grip to
force the issue or Berlin is something
else
we'll lose st carseat Billy oberlin
coming up to the right side of the meat
Claire's them camping Polly do the same
no he cannot Candy's got a problem now
as they go down the hill here's your
move there's your winning move right
there now he's through now he's got some
work to do Kenny make it happen over the
next three miles of this racetrack
here's your st it's not over with it's
michael s yeah his Grand Am debut he
takes the lay from for shelter on the
final lap Terry didn't know he was back
there more than likely and he will take
the number 96 turner motorsport bmw m3
to victory inch es in Austin water
bounce back for Turner Motorsports he's
got top speed he's coming around the
outside it's gonna be a Breaking walk
down into turn 12 here we go ken mcaleer
returned the favor on Terry boy shell
he's going to come to the inside right
now oh it's not enough it means right
there he's got the bump and loosen him
up otherwise he's not very good time for
shallow defense sucks it to the inside
Long's there can he take advantage of
these guys Bailey
traction down good run McAleer back
through the arm nighta done yet now
don't leave that inside long that's
gonna seal the deal that takes Terry out
of that position for sure and on to the
checkered flag Stefan Mackel air in only
his second Continental Tire Sports Car
Challenge race will go to Victory Lane
for Mazda
you